Fix 18035 (#18077)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/gorgeous-timers-act.md

---

> '@backstage/plugin-catalog-backend-module-gitlab': minor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@backstage/plugin-catalog-backend-module-gitlab': patch
```

---

> added test if user does not have name or profile picture,variable default to undefined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed bug that caused ingestion errors when a user's name or profile picture is undefined.
```

Reworded this slightly as this is what goes in the changelog for this package. The tests are a great addition but an internal thing to the package so no need mentioning that.
